<h3><font color='#ff0000'>Physical Map</font></h3>

<p>
The purpose of this project was to develop a tomato physical map  
anchored to the genetic map and to identify the tomato BAC minimum  
tiling path for positional cloning and whole genome sequencing.</p>

<p>
88,642 BAC clones from a Lycopersicon esculentum cv. Heinz 1706 BAC  
library with 129,024 clones and roughly 15 genome equivalents  
generated Unambiguous fingerprints (Arizona Genome Institute).  In  
order to anchor the fingerprinted BACs onto the tomato genetic map,  
overgo (overlapping oligonucleotide) probes were generated from a  
total of 1535 sequenced, mapped markers from the <a 
href='map.pl?map_id=MAPID'>current high density tomato map.</a></p>  

<p>
Overgo probes were multiplexed into  
two-dimensional arrays in 96 well plates.   In order to avoid  
potentially confounding results, overgo clones were grouped in such a  
way that, within a single array, the genetic distance between any two  
markers is more than 5.0 cM. Overgo hybridizations completed thus far  
have identified unambiguous BAC matches for 180 genetic markers.  
Currently, combining the BAC fingerprint and overgo hybridization 
data has resulted in total of 7388 BAC contigs and 24,563 singleton BACs,  
 with 97 contigs and 718 singleton BACs being  anchored to the genetic  
map.</p>

<p>
The maps show the chromosome on the left and the associated BAC  
contigs or BAC singletons. Clicking on the  contigs in the zoomed in 
image on the right will display a page with more information on that contig.</p>

<p>
To view the <i>Fingerprint Contiging (FPC)</i> pages for the BAC's 
collection, please visit the pages of the <a
href='http://www.genome.arizona.edu/fpc/tomato/' target='ARIZONA'>Arizona 
Genomics Institute</a>.</p>

